\subsection{Design}
To enhance the user experience it was discussed that a user should be
able to save certain moments of interest inside a league: for example
elimination events, end of league results or any arbitrary day of
interest to the user. The major aims of this module were: to try and
cover the needs of as many users as possible, have an elegantly
formatted output and to have an easily accessable process that
obscured the inner workings of the printing process as to not distract
the user from the main functionality of the application.

We discussed several options that would solve our problem:
\begin{itemize}
  \item[Physical Printing] Direct physical printing of the
    output. Assumes that the user wants a physical printout of the
    chosen screen and does not cater for users whom this is not their
    intentions or those who would wish to share electronically. It is
    outwith the scope of the project to create fully integrated
    physical printing so it was agreed that creating a PostScript
    document and then prompting the user to print the document who
    would then have to manually deal with finishing the printing.
  \item[Text File] Easily achievable to create an ASCII interpretation
    of what the user would like to save. Not as nicely formatted as
    some of the other options and overall not as impressive as we
    would like this module to be.
  \item[Emailed results] Similar to the Text File in terms of
    formatting but with the added disadvantage of enforcing a user to
    be online to receive the results and creating an email dispatcher
    may escalate beyond the resources allocated for this project.
  \item[\LaTeX] Export a PDF of the information the user wishes to
    save. Nicely formatted and the user can then do what they wish
    with the PDF. Caters for the needs of all user however the user
    must have an installed version of \LaTeX to utilize this as
    packaging a \LaTeX installation within the module would be far too
    bloating to the overall application.
\end{itemize}
After discussion of the problems we may counter with each option and
analysing the implications in a multi-platform manner, it was decided
that integrating with \LaTeX was the most viable option to best suit
our needs. The module has been designed to work with a standard
installation of \LaTeX with no modifications necessary. It was agreed
that for the scope of the project it was a reasonable requirement of
the user that a standard installation of \LaTeX be present on the host
machine. 

The module has been designed in such a way that there is no limit on
the quantity of elements the user can print (except for the memory
implications of the Java Virtual Machine) and the module is fully
extensible if other printable features were to be added to the
application. 

Each printable element is stored in an ordered manner and
the entire document is saved upon the users request. It was agreed
that a user should also be able to print one screen instantly without
having to add this element to the ordered store and then request it to
be printed. This was a decision with the implications of improving the
usability and user experience of the module and combines both the
standard steps of adding to the ordered store and requesting the print
in one fell swoop.

As a user navigates through the league they can add any table to the
ordered store from any division at any time. There is only one ordered
store, and hence only one printable document active at any one time,
this is to save confusion and make the entire process easier to use.

\subsection{Implementation}

The ordered store is implemented as a LinkedList of
DocumentSections. A document section is an abstract class which will
be implemented by any element of the application that wishes to be
printed. The main attribute of the DocumentSection is a StringBulder
which holds
